/*! \page uol_scenarios Visual Learning Scenario


\section introduction Introduction

The main scientific issues, which are to be demonstrated in the
following scenarios are:

 \li Tutor driven learning
 \li Tutor supervised and exploratory leaning
 \li Unlearning
 \li Co-learning
 \li Determination of salience
 \li Implicit learning
 \li Clarification


\section scripts Scripts


\subsection TDlearning Tutor driven learning

The robot does not have any concept about visual properties or
spatial relationships.

\par Creating new concepts

 The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his
 arm.

 H: This is a red and triangular object.

 The robot creates the concepts of red and triangular.

 R: OK.

\par Updating concepts

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: This is a blue and triangular object.

The robot creates the concept of blue and updates the concept of
triangular.

R: OK. \par Multiple objects

The human puts several red objects in front of the robot and
retracts his arm.

H: These are green objects.

The robot creates and updates the concept of green.

R: OK.

After several such trials the robot learns (not yet very reliable)
concepts of several object properties



\subsection TSlearning Tutor supervised and exploratory leaning

\par No recognition

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

The robot does not recognize the object properties.

R: I don't know this object.

H: This is a square and yellow object.

The robot updates the representations accordingly.

R: OK.


\par Non-reliable recognition

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

The robot partially recognizes the object properties. It updates the
representations of the concepts that have been reliably recognized
and asks for unreliably recognized concepts.

R: This object is red. Is it also triangular?

H: Yes.

The robot updates the representation.

R: OK.


\par Reliable recognition

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.
The robot reliably recognizes the object properties and updates the
representations accordingly.



\subsection unlearning Unlearning

\par Correcting error produced by human

The human puts several blue and one yellow object in front of the
object and retracts his arm.

H: These are blue objects.

The robot updates the representations (and incorporates erroneous
information in the representation).

R: OK.

The human removes all blue objects from the table and leaves only
the yellow one.

H: This object is not blue.

The robot corrects the representation of the blue concept.

R: OK.


\par Correcting error produced by robot

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

Robot partially incorrectly recognizes the object's properties.

R: I see a green and triangular object.

H: No, it is not triangular. It is square.

The robot updates the representation of green and square and
corrects the representation of triangular.

R: OK.

H: What do you see?

R: I see a green and square object.



\subsection colearning Co-learning

\par Recognizing object properties, learning spatial relations as well

The human puts several objects in front of the robot and retracts
his arm.

H: The red objects are to the left of the blue object.

The robot recognizes which objects are red and which object is blue
and updates the representation of the spatial relation 'to the left
of' accordingly.

R: OK.


\par Recognizing spatial relations, learning object properties as well

The human puts two objects in front of the robot and retracts his
arm.

H: The red square object is to the right of the triangular object.

The robot does not recognize the shapes of the objects, but since it
recognizes the spatial relation between the two objects, it can
update the representations of shapes as well.

R: OK.


\par Recognizing object properties, learning object properties and spatial relations as well.

The human puts two objects in front of the robot and retracts his
arm.

H: The yellow triangular object is farther away than the blue
circular object.

The robot only recognizes one object to be blue, however it can
update the representations of yellow, triangular, circular, and
'further away than' as well.

R: OK.



\subsection salience Determination of salience

\par Pointing at an object

The human puts several objects in front of the robot and retracts
his arm. Then he points at one of the objects.

H: This is a blue and triangular object.

The robot determines the salient object and updates the
representations accordingly.

R: OK.

\par Indicating multiple objects

The human puts several objects in front of the robot and retracts
his arm. Then he indicates some of the objects with his palm.

H: These objects are red.

The robot updates the representation of red accordingly.

R: OK.

\par Pointing at a location

The human points at a location on the table.

H: This location is in the bottom of the image.

The robot updates the representation of the spatial relation 'in the
bottom' (of the image with respect to the camera) accordingly.

R: OK.

\par Indicating a region

The human indicates a region on the table with his palm.

H: This region is in the bottom of the image.

The robot updates the representation of the spatial relation 'in the
bottom' (of the image with respect to the camera) accordingly.

R: OK.


\par Pointing at two objects

The human puts two objects in front of the robot and retracts his
arm. Then he first points at one object...

H: This object is

... and then at another one.

H: to the right of this object.

The robot updates the representation of the spatial relation 'to the
left of' accordingly.

R: OK.


\par Pointing at multiple objects

The human puts several objects in front of the robot and retracts
his arm. Then he indicates several objects with his palm...

H: These objects are

... and after that he points at one object.

H: to the left of this object.

The robot updates the representation of the spatial relation 'to the
left of' accordingly.

R: OK.



\subsection implicitLearning Implicit learning

The human puts one blue and one red object in front of the robot and
retracts his arm.

H: Point at the red and triangular object.

The robot recognizes the red object and points at it and updates the
representations of red and triangular (though it did not recognize
the object to be triangular and it wasn't instructed to update the
knowledge).

R: OK.



\subsection clarification Clarification

\par Reliable recognition

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot reliably recognizes the object's properties.

R: I see a yellow and triangular object.


\par Changing viewpoint

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot can not reliably recognize the object's properties. It
moves the camera to another viewpoint. Now, it can recognize the
object.

R: I see a red object.


\par Rotating the object

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot can not reliably recognize the object's properties. It
moves/rotates the object to get another view of the object. Now, it
can recognize the object.

R: I see a red object.


\par Asking human to rotate object.

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot can not reliably recognize the object's properties. It
asks the human to rotate/move the object to get another view of the
object.

R: I can't recognize the object. Could you please rotate/move it?

The human rotates/moves the object. Now, the robot can recognize the
object.

R: I see a red object.


\par Asking a yes/no question

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot can not reliably recognize the object's properties. It
moves the camera to another viewpoint, but it still cannot reliably
recognize the object. However, it is almost certain that the object
is green.

R: I'm not sure. Is it a green object?

H. Yes, that's right.

R: OK.


\par Asking a general question

The human puts an object in front of the robot and retracts his arm.

H: What do you see?

The robot can not reliably recognize the object's properties. It
moves the camera to another viewpoint, but it still cannot recognize
the object.

R: I don't know this object. What is it?

H. It is a green object.

R: OK.


\section conclusion Conclusion

\par Required functionalities

It is evident that many of the scripts require involvement of many
subarchitectures. Besides Vision SA, Binder SA and Communication SA
will be heavily involved in most of the scripts, and in some of them
Motivation SA and Manipulation SA as well. The realization of these
scripts will depend on the functionalities provided by these
subarchitectures as well.


\par Other scenarios

The scripts have been designed to demonstrate different aspects of
learning of basic visual concepts. However, many of the
functionalities developed to support these scenarios could be used
in other scenarios as well (e.g., recognition of colors, shapes, and
spatial relations, determination of salient objects and regions,
etc).




*/
